CREATE TABLE ITEM
(item_id varchar(6) PRIMARY KEY,
type VARCHAR(20),
weight VARCHAR(4),
address_of_sender VARCHAR(20),
address_of_receiver VARCHAR(20));

CREATE TABLE SHIPMENT
(s_id varchar (6) PRIMARY KEY,
weight VARCHAR(4),
status  VARCHAR(20),
address_of_sender VARCHAR(20),
address_of_receiver VARCHAR(20),
item_id varchar(6),
foreign key(item_id)  REFERENCES  ITEM(item_id) ON DELETE CASCADE);

CREATE TABLE CUSTOMER
(c_id  VARCHAR(20) PRIMARY KEY,
name VARCHAR(20),
mob_no VARCHAR(10),
item_id varchar(6),
username VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
password  VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
foreign key(item_id)  REFERENCES  ITEM(item_id) ON DELETE SET NULL);

CREATE TABLE DELIVERY_PERSON
(dp_id varchar (6) PRIMARY KEY,
item_detail VARCHAR(20),
address_of_sender VARCHAR(20),
address_of_receiver VARCHAR(20),
username VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
password  VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
s_id  varchar(6),
foreign key(s_id) REFERENCES  SHIPMENT(s_id) ON DELETE SET NULL);

CREATE TABLE ADMIN
(a_id varchar(6) PRIMARY KEY,
NAME VARCHAR(20),
mob_no VARCHAR(20),
item_id varchar(6),
username VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
password  VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
foreign key(item_id)  REFERENCES  ITEM(item_id) ON DELETE SET NULL);
